Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Guangdong strikes continue to fight welfare workers strike
2014-12-16 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Shenzhen-strike-Labor620.jpg
Shenzhen-Shing factory leather clothing thousands of workers went on strike, and hung protest banners at the door. (Workers rights)
Shenzhen, a Hong Kong-owned leather goods company thousand workers continued to strike seven days now, workers refers to the upcoming relocation of the factory, is still not resolved the issue of social security funds and non-payment of workers on strike indefinitely. Another Hong Kong-owned electronics factory in Guangzhou, Elec & Eltek, hundreds of workers went on strike for higher wages. (Highland report)

Shenzhen Mission Hills Qing Sheng Dress Leather Co., about one thousand workers since last Wednesday (10th) onwards, until Tuesday (the 16th) are still on strike. One worker to this station, said a few days ago, the factory posted notice refers, from 8:00 Tuesday morning, the workers to return to work, such as playing cards does not work, regarded as absenteeism, but today the whole factory workers involved in the strike. Factory workers elect representatives to negotiate with the workers' representatives do not choose, because four or five times before the negotiations did not result, the boss did not show up, the workers feel useless. Since the strike, government departments such as the street and the labor bureau staff also arrived at the scene, no results. Today a reporter to the factory to understand, government officials to stop them, they did not shoot.

He also said that four days ago, the factory has moved some of the supplies to the company's Shenzhen Lihua Group, estimated that the factory workers about to be moved to Unilever Group. The factory refused to explain specific date, the factory workers must recover unpaid social security and provident fund in the year before, or after the factory was empty, they would be difficult to recover.

Workers said: that they get back to work this thing (social security, provident fund), we work, he did not get, we did not mind the work. The last thing that he move plants to give us a specific time, and there is no money to pay, so the way he was, I was afraid when he evacuated the Spring Festival this plant.

Shenzhen-strike-Labor620B.jpg
December 15, Shenzhen Shing leather clothing factory workers in the factory sit-ins, the factory promised to wait for demand. (Activists provided)
Reporter had telephoned the Unilever Group of Hong Kong, the staff refers, she did not know this, find someone to reply later, but before the deadline has not yet replied.

Reporters call the Qing Sheng Dress Leather Co., Ltd., Tel no answer.

The workers said earlier that the main requirements of the factory workers reply, when a four-year fund to pay the arrears, as well as long years of non-payment of workers' social security payments. The factory on December 9, said New Year's Day will give a reply, but the workers said it was not specific, requiring corrective specific programs, indicating pay date.

Factory has not for employees to purchase fund since December 2010, in addition to the implementation of the government since 1999 to buy the social security for workers, but the factory start from 2003 for some workers to buy, many long years of social security workers are owed several years.

Unilever Unilever Group, which owns Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Qing Sheng Dress Leather Co., Ltd, Shenzhen Lihua Garment Co., Ltd. and so on a number of IMC clothing garment manufacturing plant.

GZ-strike121614-620.jpg
December 15, Guangzhou, Elec & Eltek electronics factory requires hundreds of workers to increase their wages strike. (Activists provided)
In addition, Hong Kong Kingboard Chemical Group of Guangzhou Luogang District Elec & Eltek Electronics Factory hundreds of workers on Monday (the 15th) at the factory sit-in strike, and pulling banners ask for an increase of wages in the door, the police presence alert. The strikers put more demands refers holiday shall not buckle double overtime, as well as work clothes, accommodation and meals free of charge, to adjust working hours, five insurance payments range, with equal pay and other benefits.

Informed users Taotao Lu refers to the year again, another strike, probably hundreds of people, requiring more money, probably to see if they add. If the increase in wages, after the New Year continued here do not add, next year will not come to this plant.

Reporter had telephoned Guangzhou Elec & Eltek electronics factory, office and switchboard was no answer. Guangzhou Economic Development Zone Labor Bureau, telephone also no answer.

Reporters then contact the Hong Kong Kingboard Chemical Holdings, staff refers to that they do not interview, the reporter called Elec & Eltek Electronics Factory query.

Elec & Eltek Electronics Factory in 2012 Valentine's Day, more than 2,000 workers strike has also occurred. The electronics factory was established in 1993, mainly produces multi-layer printed circuit board, a staff of more than 2,000 people.


related articles

Food factories suspect with gutter oil system Pho
Shenzhen Railway Station police suspected explosive means a false alarm
Shenzhen electronics factory in pay talks collapse thousand people took to the streets (video)
Business difficult to cut or close two plants in Guangdong (video)
Du Lu Chuan factory workers protest closure of six hundred (video)
US-owned factory level playing under the 300 strike (video)
Wages days of March one thousand shipyard workers strike (video)
Yantian one thousand truck blocking the road to protest police abuse of law enforcement
The number of lawyers is limited to the mainland to Hong Kong exit
Contractors have escaped a hundred workers pay talks was beaten missing
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap