Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Private buildings not meeting Xi'an, Suzhou owners of rights
2014-12-22 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Shanxi-Landlord620.jpg
December 19, 2014, Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, "Hong Metro II Patio" early developers dissatisfied owners of more than 100 violations submitted, occupation a year, developers have not yet estates facilities for rectification. Estate owners went outside to pull banners Dulu rights. Police quickly arrived at the scene dispersed the demonstrators owners. (Owners photo)
And Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, recently owners of rights disputes, respectively. Xi'an, a genus of affordable housing estate properties, more than 100 developers dissatisfied owners submitted default, cut roads to protest outside courts, a dozen people was taken away by police. But also hundreds of Suzhou private estate owners to sales offices to protest against the developers fraudulently up for sale, the results were violently dispersed. (Lin Jing reports)

Xi'an is located in North Zhangba "Hong Metro II ---- Patio" more than 100 owners, developers dissatisfied violations submitted early, but the owners have time occupation nearly a year, the developer can still not reached estates facilities make rectification. Owners endure long, then lost, the organization more than a hundred people, eight o'clock on Friday morning, walked outside courts Zhangba Road, pulling banners Dulu rights.

Live to this station refers to "Patio" Lu owner, he did not participate in this Dulu action, but have seen owners of rights at work. He was referring to the police immediately arrived at the scene to drive the owner to return the pavement, but finally heard a dozen owners for refusing to cooperate and was taken to the police station, he had been released in the evening.

Mr. Lu said: Some owners went to the cell periphery wall blocking the road, there are hundreds of people, they will block the cell to the intersection, that area is more traffic congestion, traffic police finally coordination.

Comprehensive interpretation of a number of owners, "Patio" is a security room, the government finalized by the project, the private developer responsible for the construction, in order to respond to home ownership difficult issues, is one of the popular project in Xi'an.

Housing estates in January this year after another stay, up 230. Since the project is a vanity project, the developer knows unfinished housing estates within the device, still choose to owners hastily submitted. Currently, the building has not yet acceptance estates developers has yet to provide a "real estate license" to the owners.

Mr. Zhang owners means when submitted, the owners have been informed that no gas inside the building, no fire-fighting equipment to supply temporary power generation equipment and so on. However, the owners have already paid the down payment, and the loan for the room, there is no ability to require developers to refund, and then go out and buy more expensive private units. Developers can add vowed rectification as soon as possible, the owners knew riding a tiger, only patience.

However, almost a year later, the courts still appear frequent power cuts, no gas, no elevator use and other issues.

Zhang said: a lot of elderly people are afraid to go downstairs, afraid to return home, students do their homework, can only use the phone lighting. Mainly elderly people on and off, no elevator is really very inconvenient.

Mr. Zhang refers to the owners in the past year, numerous experiences of finding Xi'an housing security and the Housing Authority, developers and property companies theory, but all three parties said they would deal with excuses as soon as possible.

Zhang said: property company refused to communicate with the power supply bureau, also cut off electricity, we have patience, the previous day to nine p.m. electricity also to the future, the owners and therefore (the 19th) out blocking roads in protest.

On the event, call this station Hongji Metro two property management, staff answering said courts have been active rectification, can hope for days to resolve the gas issue, as power supply problems, the staff acknowledged connection on the grid system, the emergence of safety problems but not adopted, is now trying to negotiate with the government to resolve.

Staff said: specific situations, arrangements have been made. Like electrical problems, has always been the Council will deal with respect, I was not very clear.

On the event, call this station in Xi'an housing security and the Housing Authority, but no one answered the phone.

In addition, located in Wujiang District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the "Hailiang Longbridge House" hundred owners, sales offices activists Saturday to protest against the fraudulent sale of the developer, the balcony when the bedroom to sell, so the owners cause the minimum of one hundred thousand yuan loss , to claim compensation.

During the owners of rights, it was security, police disperse, the owners was beaten to the wall. Online sources, nearly 30 people were arrested. This time is already owners in the December, the fourth inferior to the sales office protest rights.

This station tried to contact the owners, but no one answered, and the sales office phone, no answer.


related articles

Zhao Changqing means more than two and half years in prison suffering career
Bin Shen love four complaints to the court were to be unreasonably withheld
Jiangsu and Guangdong factory closed down two workers pay talks was repression arrest (video)
Grill smoke nuisance hundred people surrounded by protest
2 3 penalty sentencing traffickers reprieve
Two factories were contaminated hundreds of residents protest crackdown
Zhao Changqing was released from prison to prison two and a half Friday
Hua Chunhui increasingly severe diabetic foot rot
Not many students suspected toxic school playground runway
Prospective tenants of public housing policy ambiguity surrounding government protest (video)
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap