Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Provinces one thousand teachers are being repressive Petitions
2014-12-19 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Anhui-teacher-Protest620.jpg
December 18 morning, hundreds of teachers to Anhui Tongling Municipal Government petition to protest against the unfair bonuses. A large number of special police arrived at the scene repression, some teachers were wounded. (Activists provided)
Anhui Tongling nearly a thousand teachers bonuses because of dissatisfaction with injustice, Thursday (the 18th) to the Municipal Government of meditation, by the police crackdown, some teachers were beaten, several teachers were arrested. In addition, Jiangsu nearly retired private and substitute teachers, strongly escorted by police Thursday after the release of the Complaints Bureau, while hundreds of teachers in the education sector and then to petition the following day. (Highland report)

Tongling approximately 300 teachers on Thursday morning to Tongling Municipal Government meditation, they asked reissue from 2009 onwards by five-year government withheld bonuses. Overseas Boxun website refers, authorities dispatched special police, people have been wounded, and took a total of 2 girls and a boy three teachers, including female teachers were wounded when towed Manlianshixue. After the incident, most of the county's decision not to attend class teacher in the afternoon, nearly a thousand teachers to the Municipal Government of solidarity sit-ins, strikes basically in schools, the three were arrested teachers released in anger. Since each department phone no answer, the teacher had contact CCDI.

The report quoted the scene of the teacher refers SWAT teacher came after deliberate provocation, to seize the opportunity to hit, press the fight, the man threw the car, was seriously injured teacher into the hospital.

The Municipal government source things to rights of teachers, because of arrears from 2009 to award a 12-year assessment of civil servants made more than 30,000 yuan bonus, but the teacher did not send a penny, or even get a balanced education Tongling this country advanced counties, civil servants eligible for bonuses, teachers have not a penny.

Tongling a private teacher to our station, he said yesterday to the Municipal Government of petition is a public teacher, their treatment is not low, ranging from the major problems in government issued 2 1000-4 thousand bonus unfair, not to improve treatment. At present, many teachers go to private schools teach.

Teachers say: private schools better than public schools treatment that their wages are not low, there are 2,3 to 3,4 one thousand thousand. Their demands are not improving treatment, that the Government made a part of the money made unfairly.

China Minsheng Liu Feiyue means to observe the person in charge, they are serving the public teachers, in accordance with law teachers, teachers' salaries are not lower than the civil service, but in reality, teachers are still vulnerable groups, concerning welfare, bonuses and allowances of civil servants can not tell Compare.

Liu Feiyue said: what authorities now say, "Education is the foundation," explained the teacher strike tide is still vulnerable. Compared to the civil service, the authorities are more willing to put money to its specialized agencies, civil servants to vote for it various government departments.

Reporters had caused Tongling Bureau officials refused to respond. Tongling County government phone no answer. County Public Security Bureau police station and five loose, telephone were no answer.

Shanghai surging News there another version, and quoted Tongling Municipal Committee Propaganda Department refers to 16:00 the same day, the teacher gradually dispersed, Tongling County Board of Education are investigating the incident, the local education did not suffer too much impact. Several anonymous teachers revealed something Source County Human Resources Bureau, Finance Bureau and other departments in the October 28 Kusakabe issued a "market on payment of 2013 bonuses objective management assessment notice", the Civil Service issued 19,000 yuan bonus, and in November issuance, but exclude teachers.

The report quoted refers to the county propaganda department responded, saying the teacher's part is not real, Municipal Department of Education is investigating the matter. Currently, Tongling County Board of Education has not yet formed a complete investigation report, to be thoroughly investigated and then resolved.

Surging News reports mention the situation of teachers by police repression.

JS-Teachers-Protest620.jpg
Jiangsu hundreds of private retirement and substitute teachers, Dec. 19 and then to the provincial education department holding banners petition. (Photo by Livelihood Watch)
In addition, nearly a thousand urban counties in Jiangsu Province have been dismissed private teachers, substitute teachers due to retirement protection petition, hundreds of police on Thursday after being forcibly escorted Complaints Bureau released. Today, hundreds of teachers once again to petition the provincial education department. Among them, Chen to this station, said yesterday they were detained for several hours after the release of the Complaints Bureau, there are teacher was beaten to dizziness. At the time, they forcibly arrested by the police on four buses, chaotic scene. Changzhou teachers were sent to the outskirts of the police petition office, evening and Sui teacher was sent back to the original state of residence, and today only a few hundred teachers, but they continue to appeal, hoping to have the results.

She also said that the Department of Education liberating Weike Zhang to meet them, and answered two questions. He was referring, in Jiangsu in 2011 on the 8th file have been implemented, their problems have been solved, but refute the teachers have not seen the file on the 8th. In addition, he said there is the Secretary to reflect their farmers are not teachers, they are very angry to hear these answers, decided to go to Beijing to petition.

Chen said: There are up to reflect the Secretary, you are not a teacher of farmers, many of our teachers were crying. Why? Because we have a lot to teach for 20 years, has more than 30 years, we have the whole life dedicated to education. He said that we are farmers, you said as a government official, to say such outrageous words?

Reporters repeatedly call the Jiangsu Provincial Department of Education, phone no answer.


related articles

Bin Shen love four complaints to the court were to be unreasonably withheld
Jiangsu and Guangdong factory closed down two workers pay talks was repression arrest (video)
Industrial Park contamination hundred villagers in front of officials uncovered illegal discharge
Private Teachers petition heart attack death
Grill smoke nuisance hundred people surrounded by protest
2 3 penalty sentencing traffickers reprieve
Anhui, Hunan, two officials have been arrested by a check
Two factories were contaminated hundreds of residents protest crackdown
Villagers suffering from pollution by cement pneumoconiosis surge
Hua Chunhui increasingly severe diabetic foot rot
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap