Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

The proportion of state-owned fund contribution tampering Dulu thousands protest
2014-12-26 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download china-protest-620.jpg
December 25, 2014, the power plant in Inner Mongolia, Tongliao City, about three thousand workers, to the parent company "in the East China Power Investment Mongolia Energy Group" Dulu protest outside the strike, dissatisfied employers to unilaterally change the provident fund policy. (Workers photo)
Tongliao City, state-owned enterprises "in the East China Power Investment Mongolia Energy Group" under the power plant about three thousand workers, Thursday (25th) Dulu collective strike to protest employers to unilaterally change the provident fund policy, disguised so that employees pay cuts. There ILO refers to the proportion of countries with contributions uniform labor provisions, namely state-owned enterprises to make changes if we are illegal. (Lin Jing reports)

Respondent Employees who violate labor regulations of state-owned enterprises "in the East China Power Investment Mongolia Energy Group" company, one of the country's 13 major coal group, is the first company in Inner Mongolia has a value of billions of energy companies. It's Tongliao Power Plant, Tongliao thermal power plants, thermal power plants Sheng three companies, of which about a thousand workers, collective Thursday to Huolin Street Horqin district, the parent company of the building outside the strike blocking roads.

Workers go that day to follow reasonable excuse "in the East China Power Investment Mongolia Energy Group" protest outside the building, Ms. Stuart refers to this station, workers stand most of the day, although employers 'representatives met workers' representatives have access, but no change of policy on the fund administration. The protest process, next to the police has been monitoring and grooming vehicle, no clashes occurred, and employees also leave in the afternoon.


china-protest-350.jpg
December 25, 2014, workers blocking roads to protest period, plainclothes police officers at the scene guards to prevent workers make excesses. (Workers photo) Ms. Stuart said: almost a thousand people, that no employees go to work.
He told reporters: there is a reason to explain the reform of contributions it?
She said: No, we are perfunctory, employer representatives said that was not yet (decision), say what you have to ask a lawyer.

Ms. Stuart explained, according to the labor contract when the entry of states that both employers and employees, have to provident fund contributions of workers, employers contribution amount for employee pay 7.5 percent, and the employee will pay by itself for five percent.

Ms. Stuart finger, she recruits the past decade, the policy has not changed, but the recent news refers to the ratio of the parent you want to change this contribution, labor contribution ratio switching, more refers to the relevant resolutions have been adopted, only a thin No notification employees. She was referring to, if an employee provident fund for the past two hundred yuan a month, next month to upgrade to three hundred dollars, and capital Founder contrary, for a small one hundred yuan, only two hundred yuan contributions trouble.

Ms. Stuart refers to the implementation of the new policy after the execution, we believe monthly salary level employees, at least a hundred to several hundred dollars is deducted, employees that companies make unilateral decisions substandard buried.

She said: In the law it is very unreasonable, we require the company to pay back our fund.

Call this station employees involved in strikes Tongliao Power Plant, the staff answered that the incident has been resolved, but refers to the details unclear.
Staff said: I do not live, I do not know. That is no problem, and has handled well, had negotiated with the workers.

Thereafter, the parent company of this station call "in the East China Power Investment Mongolia Energy Group," but said the clerk in charge of answering the leadership is not, can not respond.

Shenzhen Labour charity organization "workers centers" responsible person Mao to this station that the State is required in the provident fund established policy, if the employee contributions than employers, they will violate the law.

Mao said: That is not possible, in proportion to their contribution is equal, while enterprises and workers, workers pay contributions of not less than five percent. There is a unified country is prescribed.

For the proportion of state-owned enterprises require changes to labor contribution, he suggested that employees or proposed consultation and assistance to labor department and lawyers.
related articles

Package Zhuo Xuan phone was confiscated said "do not be afraid there will be trouble."
Shenzhen electronics factory in pay talks collapse thousand people took to the streets (video)
Du Lu Chuan factory workers protest closure of six hundred (video)
US-owned factory level playing under the 300 strike (video)
Petitioners Yang Chuancong Tiananmen suicide
Wages days of March one thousand shipyard workers strike (video)
Hundred herdsmen protest hardship once was arrested more than 30 people
Yantian one thousand truck blocking the road to protest police abuse of law enforcement
Contractors have escaped a hundred workers pay talks was beaten missing
Shoe factory relocation compensation over a hundred employees refused Dulu protest
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap