Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Pregnant women after the sudden death of fluids and their families were arrested protest
2014-12-17 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Clinic-Death620.jpg
Hunan pregnant Xu Rong Li County People's Hospital after the fight at 13 December fluids and death, and the family at the hospital to discuss that caused crowds. Large number of police to guard the hospital and stole the body. (Witnesses provided)
Changde, Hunan Lixian market last week, a pregnant woman to the hospital for treatment of renal stones, died a few hours after admission, resulting in a dead two life. When family members went to the autopsy with people, authorities sent more than 100 police officers snatching, more than 10 relatives and friends were injured after eight people were arrested, four people detained so far. Refers families, doctors shirk responsibility, vowing to be investigated in the end. (Highland report)

Hunan Lixian pregnant seven months pregnant Xu Rong, last Saturday (the 13th) fluids hospitalized after death. Their relatives Wang Wednesday (the 17th) to this station said the incident source morning, Xu Rong because of low back pain, accompanied by their families to Lixian People's Hospital for treatment. Doctors refer to, she was suffering from kidney stones, and requires hospitalization. After Xu Rong fluids, vomiting and breathing difficulties, her husband Wanggui Jun doctor immediately, but waited half an hour the doctor came, after reading the case, she was asked to inform the families of the referral, and said this hospital did not pin , and the family only agree. During the referral, Xu Rong ambulance was sent to the lobby to wait for about 1 hour. During her gravely ill, she was admitted to the emergency room, at about 5:00 deaths.

He also said that doctors did not immediately inform the family until about 7:00, her husband and mother into the emergency room and found that Xu Rong has been stiff, medical records and procedure documents disappeared, and the family asked why not send critical condition, doctors said they had to pack medical equipment, and the family doctor suspect to destroy evidence, Xu Rong died more than four hours have not yet notify the family.

Families and friends to see the corpse was black, estimated that she poisoning. They told the hospital to seek explanation, the hospital shirk responsibility. Wang means, for the sake of justice, two days later, on Monday morning, the deceased husband found people dissect bodies to the morgue autopsy, the hospital took them to the office, told not fit to engage in the identification, then the deceased husband, parents, Yue parents lured office under house arrest. Thereafter, the police sent more than 100 police, the Police Association, etc., to the morgue to grab the body, the presence of eight relatives were wounded. Subsequently, after the deceased mother and her mother lifted, seek justice in the hospital, the police remand as away, plus another six relatives and friends of 8 people were arrested.

Wang said: body covered in black, is absolutely poisoning, we see the scene is like this, because after death, the body should be white, why, after the person has died, her body was black, indicating there is a problem.

Deceased husband Wanggui Jun refers to them a total of eight friends and relatives including his mother and mother were arrested, two people are still unreleased. Moreover, brother and neighbor in administrative detention. Brother was arrested when police photographed snatching a hit, the next four were released. He also said that after the malpractice occurred, Lixian government had coordinated their families and hospital talks, the hospital said they are not responsible, and refers to the cause of death was kidney failure, heart failure, etc., but no serious illness in the past his wife, and the family does not accept this argument.

He also said that the government's solution is to pay 50,000 yuan hospital funeral expenses, the government could pay ten thousand dollars anatomy costs, but the last time he hired a man anatomy body blocked the hospital, he will go to field someone to anatomy. Currently, the wife's body on the funeral, police and government officials guarded, their families can not close, when the anatomy is not clear whether the officers came to the autopsy.

Wanggui Jun said: He (the government) say dissection can do, he can out of more than ten thousand yuan for anatomical fees, nothing else, you dissect out what the reason is, before looking for a (anatomical staff) they (hospital) would not let us do, that we did not do, and now I think elsewhere, please come

Reporter had telephoned Li County People's Government, officials said, he did not know this, or online viewing.

On Xu Rong's death, the reporter called Li County People's Hospital, the office staff means that person is not responsible, and called the reporter called the Propaganda Department of the understanding.

Reporter had telephoned the police station for questioning Lixian Li Yang Zhen Xu Rong relatives were arrested, the police refer the matter to ask the leadership, he did not know.


related articles

Hunan citizen detained because words Pengpei Yu bail
Beaten to death in Hong Kong, mainland tourists mainland netizens called for a boycott
Hunan weapons industry executives involved in drug use was arrested row
Anhui, Hunan, two officials have been arrested by a check
Relocatees obstruct demolitions were injured heavy death
Village plans to drop drug-related retaliation for the villagers to report corruption
Addicted to playing golf, vice governor was removed from office
Shanghai-Kunming high-speed four-car collision 21 dead
Principal Teacher shortage of students to work as security
Villagers forced to disregard the interests of the construction of reservoirs two villages merged
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap