Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Florist explosion smoke around 5 thousand people dead corpse move to protest police
2014-12-22 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download 1222China-explosion620.jpg
December 20, 2014, police came to the scene of the explosion several hundred Shuangqing District Shaoyang City, Hunan Province. The police moved to stop due to the bereaved families of the victims and wounded. (Witnesses photo)
Hunan Shaoyang City, a fireworks shop Saturday (the 20th) suddenly exploded, the operator a five killed on the spot, authorities dispatched hundreds of police arrived at the scene processing, doubt afraid of things blow up, trying to move the bodies of family members encountered opposition, followed by over a thousand people surrounded confrontation. No family members and then returned to the scene, suspected to have been controlled. (Wenyu Partly report)

Shuangqing District Shaoyang City a fireworks business houses, the explosion occurred around 11:00 on Saturday morning, killing five people on the spot. After local residents and in the micro-Bo said, authorities blocked messages, mobilizing hundreds of police arrived on the scene snatching.

Reporters repeatedly call the fireworks store public contact phone, but sometimes the voice prompts are calls, hang up immediately after switching on the moment, unable to contact the party.

Close to the fireworks shop car repair shops charge Mr. Wang said, the family encounters come back against the authorities snatching period, then the families of the injured. More than a thousand people live unhappy confrontation with the police until late. Wang added that the deceased Sunday (21 May) evening, there had been the scene, but later he has never returned. The scene to Monday (22 May) has not yet closed, the number of police officers stationed outside. Wang added that his shop when the explosion has also been affected, some windows were shattered door, some peeling facades, however, damage is not serious, it has returned to normal business hours on Sunday.

Wang said police also ︰ anyway, sitting in front, when the explosion is not very serious, but a lot of smoke. Probably for this reason people die, there is a little more than 1 year old, one is 10 years old, two 20-year-old, there is a 40-year-old.
Reporters asked whether ︰ have occurred grab the body, as well as the other family members wounded?
Wang answered ︰ indeed, it should be said that they (the authorities) want to trivialize ones of no. At least a thousand people (the crowd), basically, we have seen the accident hit here, will come out against injustice. At that time the families where only one son, his father, that is the boss in the Public Security Bureau.
Reporters asked under what circumstances ︰ last end?
Wang seems to answer ︰ police chief or someone to negotiate, it is unclear how the consultation later. We are on the first floor (business), indeed, do not know what are the reasons (explosion), because we see them (the families) yesterday, gone after, if still solve this problem.

Mr. Wang told reporters reflect, surnamed Liu deceased and his family, fireworks shop in the local business has been a very long time, belongs to the families of the business, in the past there has been no incident occurred.

Nearby residents Liu described the explosion is the second of the biggest in years, but so far the authorities have not yet announced the real cause of the accident. He also said that fear of being implicated, not to speak relayed eyewitness of.

He said ︰ business is close to residential areas, the district has a lot of people's lives. Deceased surnamed Liu, their family is our landlord died five, now remaining three. In the end what it was (caused by accidents)? I was not at the scene, to the 17:00 more, before we know what happened. For such a thing is not good talk nonsense, is not it. It should be the largest in recent years (the accident).

Online users means that the explosion an accident, resulting in a fire due to power lines. But only briefly reported local events, and refers cause of the accident is under investigation.

Call Shaoyang city government understand this station, the office staff suggested that reporters wiring to the Information Office of the query.
He said the fight to the news ︰ you do it, you look at the Information Office of the consultation, we know that they have a special side announced.

Subsequently, the reporters call the number provided by the Government Information Office, phone has no answer.


related articles

Anti insurance ringing in our ears a styrofoam factory in Panyu and explosion
Hunan citizen detained because words Pengpei Yu bail
Mail Express Mail rectify explosive products need real-name registration, etc.
Shandong chemical plant explosion 9 dead 2 injured
Hunan weapons industry executives involved in drug use was arrested row
Shenzhen Railway Station police suspected explosive means a false alarm
Anhui, Hunan, two officials have been arrested by a check
Further Tianjin warehouse explosion No official casualty report refers (video)
Anhui restaurants LPG explosion 14 students dead
Anhui restaurants explosion 17 people were killed
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap