Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Thousand workers were on strike nine days police violence cleared
2014-12-18 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Shenzhen-worker-Strike400.jpg
Dec. 18 about 6:00 in the morning, a large number of riot squad and SWAT to a depth of Shenzhen-Shing leather clothing factory plans cleared. (Activists provided)
Hong Kong enterprises in Shenzhen Shing leather clothing factory, about thousand workers continue strike nine days now, the factory boss on Thursday (the 18th) for the first time to talk with the workers, hundreds of anti-riot squad and SWAT immediately cleared to suppress the workers, some workers He was injured, more than twenty people have been arrested, the remaining workers in the workshop meditating, demanding the release of arrested workers. (Highland report)

Shenzhen Qing-Sheng Dress Leather Co. about thousands of employees, while about 9 Thursday morning continued in the factory sit-ins, one of the workers to this station, said during the sit-in, first came to the factory owners and the management and staff of the conversation, he He said that since 2008 the company losses, next month will pay fund and pay social security for employees for two years, is not satisfied with the workers, but only a verbal commitment. Boss has just finished speaking, about one hundred anti-riot squad and SWAT 4 holders to shield into repression, they put all the workers down, and beat them, some workers pulled the car to fight, a lot of people were trampled knocked injured.

He also said that the police subsequently arrested more than 20 workers, who were taken to Mission police station, the remaining hundreds of workers were rushed to the upstairs workshop, the factory requires resumed, workers sit-in did not start, demanding the release of workers outside the shop He covered the police. Until 17:00, worker dormitory after work, he saw the police and then arrested a worker, the factory still more than a hundred police officers guarded.

Workers say :( police) came after, the boss said after a few words, (police) started the task, beginning a push to get something that riot squad beat us, we push back, all down my door. That particular fight I know they pulled the car, there is a broken hand, a stunned and arrested 20 people.

Another female finger, injured workers can not count figures, holding riot shields pressing workers beaten, she fell to the ground by police stepped kicks, she met a worker Yang Jianying, she was taken away by police named, referring to She is the key suspect. After the suppression of workers are alarmed, they were rushed to the workshop, each door has a special police hold of the workers do not want to work, the boss of the practice of chilling. She also said that workers entrust 劳维 law firm on behalf of coordination, they came today to be refused entry into the plant.

Worker said: plant there is also a lot of police, which is the peace negotiations it? This is not the peace negotiations, and now no one dared to talk, an atmosphere of terror, is terror. We do not know whether to do so, workers are feeling the boss mentality so do we, do we worked so hard for so many years, the heart more cold, just I do not want to start.

Arrested women 杨建英 means, more than 20 workers were arrested at the Mission police station, where several people also suffered minor injuries, one by one they are registered to take pictures, she was police questioning, asked whether the main organized, she responded workers just rights. When released temporarily unknown, but still communicate with the outside.

杨建英 said: Then I went inside and asked a man, he asked me whether the workers organized, I said no, we just rights, we should have a pension fund of workers, we do not have them, the captain asked the police station.

Reporter had telephoned the Mission police station refers, police are still investigating the incident, it is unclear how to deal with. The phone can not get through Guanlan town government.

Reporters and call the Qing-Sheng Dress Leather Co., telephone no answer, refer to Hong Kong Lihua Group staff, the boss and most people went to Shenzhen, she was not sure the event.

Shing workers earlier this station had said that the main requirements of the factory workers reply, when a four-year fund to pay the arrears, as well as long years of non-payment of workers' social security payments. Factory December 9, said New Year's Day will give a reply, but the workers said it was not specific, requiring corrective specific programs, indicating pay date.

Factory has not for employees to purchase fund since December 2010, in addition to the implementation of the government since 1999 to buy the social security for workers, but the factory since 2003 for some workers to buy, many long years of social security workers are owed several years.

Unilever Unilever Group, which owns Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Qing Sheng Dress Leather Co., Ltd, Shenzhen Lihua Garment Co., Ltd. and so on a number of IMC clothing garment manufacturing plant.

In addition, located in the Japanese Hengli Town, Dongguan Jian Tian Motor Co., hundreds of workers on Friday (the 12th) and Monday respectively strike.

Factory workers claiming screen name screen name "retention retention 8023" refers to the micro-Bo, December 12 (Friday), Xicheng District, a Hengli Town, Dongguan Jian Tian Motor Co. all employees strike, provided that low wages , poor food, to the staff eat the waste oil, the Japanese reply is not clear, represents at 3:00 on December 15 to employees answer. But until that day, the worker means workers began a strike, because the process is not satisfied with the results of last week.

Reporters call Katada Motor Co., the staff refers not know this, he can not answer.

Reporters call the Bureau of Labor Hengli Town, the staff refers, if low wages, workers may complain to the authorities, but did not receive workers' complaints, no intervention event.

Dongguan Jian Tian Motor Co., Ltd. mainly engaged in instrumentation components, electronic equipment system, circuit board measuring instruments and other products,

Shenzhen-worker-Strike620.jpg
December 18, a large number of riot squad and SWAT to deep leather clothing factory Shenzhen-Shing expelled strikers. (Activists provided)
related articles

Unmarketable coal pension arrears ten thousand days of retired workers protest
Shunde hundreds of workers went on strike on the 4th and 18 projecting fired squid
Zhongshan strikes continued for more than two weeks the workers were arrested again
Guangdong, Hong Kong and then on foot from the labor sector means there are closures continued to deteriorate
Shoe factory workers, construction workers pay talks were year-end police repression (video)
In recent years, 400 construction workers salary drag parade
Hundreds of factories were shut down around the factory workers protest Wages
More than a hundred old laid-off workers for 3 days meditating
Hundreds of workers went on strike two factories in Guangdong
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap