Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Strong increase in management fees of hundreds of property management owners Dulu rights
2014-12-29 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Gansu-Landlord-clash350.jpg
December 28, authorities sent a large number of police blocking the road driving demonstration owners, the owners once away. (Owners photo)
Western District of Lanzhou City, Gansu Province solid in a residential area, the property management area of ​​the house suddenly re-PCT set, whereby the management fee income, causing hundreds of owners dissatisfied Sunday (the 28th) collective blocking roads in protest. A large number of police officers arrived at the scene to disperse more than a dozen owners once were taken. Quote refers to the owners of property management, new charges requested by the Government, the management company itself is also a sense of frustration. (Lin Jing reports)

West is located in West solid "Elegant new cell", below jingshifang properties. On Sunday, hundreds of owners of out-of-cell Dulu, requires the parties decided to withdraw the new charges.

Owners Fung accepts this station access refers Sunday Dulu owners, the West solid round Road lane blocked. About an hour later, a large number of police officers come from the owners rush lane road. He was referring to the process of the police use of force once more heard the owners were taken away, but the number is unknown.

A reporter asked: Own Dulu out more?
Mr Fung said: basically out.
A reporter asked: I know the police have come, if there occurs a great conflict?
Mr Fung said: conflict is not too great, but the police came for short people.

Fung explained means, Accor new residential occupation for six years, about nearly one thousand homes. This month, residential property management company suddenly issued a circular, Lanzhou City real estate through means testing center remeasured and found that the substance of residential housing area error, the actual area of ​​the older data published large. Therefore, in accordance with the newly revised property management residential area, raised management fees.

Fung refers to the newly revised per unit area, an increase of four or five square meters, disguised owners pay tens of dollars a month more. He was referring, of course, more money is a problem, but so are most dissatisfied owners, property management and government is the arbitrariness, the lack of transparency of the relevant resolutions.

Mr Fung said: not yet seen the government data, we saw the rise of property management (surcharge) notice. They said the house is big, then miscalculated, if the house is big, and that they have added a property management fee. Anyway, the property management side, said the new policy is to meet the Housing Authority, they are only responsible for the implementation of it.

Another residential property owners Leung also criticized the government and not with the owners of property management has never been face to face, and to provide data to explain residential area calculation wrong question, so that the owners have a clear understanding. Simply posting a notice of the order to force the management fee income, so the owners whom angry. The owners also believe that the government and developers in the planned construction error, so the unit area overruns, the consequences should be borne by the owners.

Ms Leung said: We are in this district, it still is a new cell. Well, China's law is not perfect, we can not guarantee that such things in other parts of China have occurred.

On the event, call this station residential property management company, to answer hastily responded after staff hung up.
Staff said: now for the government to deal with this incident, we are not too clear.

And this station call XIGU District Housing Authority, to answer the staff he said it has residential area to provide new data and measure the wrong area of ​​the old data, allowing owners reference. Staff also acknowledged there is a problem in communication, committed to mediation.

Staff said: We chose a few people, government departments, and then with the owner's representative to talk about this incident.

The owners cited the latest news refers to the presence of new charges in the management of disputes, so a stay of execution.

Gansu-Landlord-clash620.jpg
December 28, 2014, "Ya new cell" West District of Lanzhou City, Gansu Province solid hundreds of dissatisfied owners suddenly announced an increase in property management fees residential area, so the collective blocking roads in protest. (Owners photo)
related articles

Government low-cost housing hike prospective owners buy their own homes (video)
Gansu four officials involved in corruption be prosecuted
Sichuan, Gansu Tibetans arrested several demonstrators Cangseng eligible for medical parole
Petitioners risking interception Xi Jinping team
Wages of workers are more than a hundred people were arrested Dulu 9
School fire drills accidents 75 student discomfort
Gansu put smoke 60 high school students exercise unwell
2000 Inner Mongolia protests heating costs too high
High-voltage stations and residential areas adjacent to the owners of hundreds of protests Dulu
Garbage plant pollution garbage piling up thousands Dulu
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap