Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

LSD solidarity with the umbrella protest movement continent arrested persons
2014-12-20 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
 

LSD Saturday (the 20th) to protest against the Chinese authorities arrested the Liaison Office in solidarity with human rights activists in Hong Kong Mainland umbrella movement.
About ten members of LSD pull protest banners, hand write the name of human rights activists arrested Mainland yellow umbrellas, in a statement read outside the Liaison Office, requested the release of human rights activists because of solidarity with the mainland, Hong Kong umbrella movement were arrested, as well as Other political prisoners. And they cast flowers thrown into the Liaison Office, as well as at the door labeled statement, then dispersed peacefully.
In addition, the Chinese university student publication "University Line" reported that LSD has become the highest rated university student party.
Respondents said that LSD occupation movement personally, Chairman Leung Kwok-hung in the early occupation movement kneel scene, so university students is impressive.
"University Line" between the date of May 3 to 7, in eight government-funded universities distributed 500 questionnaires, surveys college students score political parties. LSD highest score among college students, was 5.97 points; there are nearly two respondents refers to LSD in the best performance in the Occupy movement, there are more than four adults in this party, "plus" Thus. Reports that members of LSD direct participation in strikes during the occupation, contact with university students more, not "empty talk."
LSD Chairman table Leung Kwok-hung says young people more able to accept the new way of thinking, the courage to achieve more faith than adults, and thus more inclined to support LSD.
 

 

Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap