Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Taiwanese shoe factory on the verge of completion 700 block factory worker rights
2014-12-26 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download china-labor-620.jpg
Left: December 25, 2014, Houjie Town, Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, "Pu Wei Shoe Co., Ltd." more than 700 workers blocked the factory gates to prevent truck shipments. (Workers photo) Right: December 25, 2014, nearly a thousand police officers to factory Houjie Town whole surrounded, some policemen entered the factory disperse employees. (Workers photo)
Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, a Taiwanese-owned shoe factory ready to graduate this month, when more than 700 workers and employers to negotiate compensation, beginning found no continuity for the factory workers buy social security, workers' rights to strike six days in a row, and prevent plant party shipments. Nearly a thousand police officers Thursday (the 25th) to drive workers into the plant, and take away workers' representatives, labor negotiations are still deadlocked state. (Lin Jing reports)

Taiwan-funded "Pu Wei Shoes" is located in the main centers of Houjie Town of Dongguan City, Taiwan, and more than 700 workers since the start on Saturday, three days in located in Tuen Mun Industrial Road factory, blocking the door strike to protest.

Cui workers refers to this station, Taiwanese owner has not appeared in the past few days, only the factory management and workers' representatives met to discuss the issue of compensation after the factory closes down. Because indeed the factory failed to give a response, the workers decided to continue the strike and blocked the factory gates day and night to prevent the truck shipments.

Since the workers to stop factory shipments, to make things so much noise more stiff. On Thursday, suddenly she came nearly a thousand police officers surrounded the whole factory. Thereafter, police entered the plant-wide, will call block factory worker representatives forcibly taken away. Workers refused to be taken away and made resistance, physical altercations with police. Cui heard that many injured workers was beaten, and was taken away by workers to Friday yet released.

Mr. Choi said: strike, the boss does not substantially come forward. Armed police, special police mobilized, and the workers they played, leading the workers seemed to catch the detained more than a dozen specific.

For online statement refers to police repression of workers entering the plant, ordered the dog to bite the workers, Mr. Choi finger, the police do come with dogs to intimidate employees, but because of the conflict process confusing, uncertain whether the police deliberately a dog bite to workers nor heard the workers were seriously injured dog bite caused the message.

Cui means, after the conflict, the workers in the factory district on Friday still on strike, waiting for labor, capital, government tripartite outcome of the negotiations, but the government continues to send personnel to monitor workers' every move, fearing a sudden situation.

Mr. Choi said: police officers about seventy people today still have been negotiating, now the Bureau of Labor staff still factory, they were afraid to go out of workers blocking roads.

Huang explained another worker, shoe PSC opened more than two decades, in recent years has gone into, overtime reduce the number of workers fell in tandem with plant performance bonuses in the local area, but the workers have been supporting for Life go down. Last month, the management proposed to put the new workers a month leave, workers have the knowledge that good. So far a month, came to close down the factory news, but management workers face questioning, still evasive right, but the workers Jinshou jobs. Workers began to make end labor contracts, compensation for length of service and other issues, this time not by the original factory and then broke the law requires, continuing to buy the social security for workers.

Half stoppage occurs within the plant so that the state, employers face the indifferent attitude of the workers to the government for help no fruit, so there is a general strike last week was the situation.

Mr Wong said: The key is the workers do not want to go, they earn money is not easy. Written contract so, I really want to go, give workers' compensation, the factory must be given, but you can not hit anyone factory.

This station switchboard telephone call PSC shoe, but the staff refused to respond to the issue of factory closures.
Reporters said: Workers have recently been on strike, is it?
Staff said: Yes.
Correspondents say: I heard the strike because the company does not pay compensation?
Staff said: I do not know, you ask the workers it.

Reporters call the Houjie town police station, the duty officer said not to be interviewed, the reporter asked queries to the higher unit.
Constable said: If you want to interview or consultation, to begin with we branch contact.

And this station call Houjie Town of labor and social security office, the staff answered the reporters to leave contact method, but after not reply.

According to online statistics, Taiwan-funded, "Pu Wei Footwear Company Limited" was established in 1992, mainly the production of internationally famous brands of sports shoes and casual shoes.

related articles

Shenzhen electronics factory in pay talks collapse thousand people took to the streets (video)
Banned the church administrative reconsideration entertained
Du Lu Chuan factory workers protest closure of six hundred (video)
US-owned factory level playing under the 300 strike (video)
Wages days of March one thousand shipyard workers strike (video)
Three more new churches were suppressed church faced confiscation
Yantian one thousand truck blocking the road to protest police abuse of law enforcement
Contractors have escaped a hundred workers pay talks was beaten missing
Shoe factory relocation compensation over a hundred employees refused Dulu protest
Church gatherings are not allowed to be notified
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap