Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Schedule thousands of clients get financing company to protest the government supervision
2014-12-26 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download china-investor-620.jpg
December 26, 2014, Hebei Langfang City, nearly a thousand investors pull banners, outside city hall to protest against the fraudulent investment companies cheat their money. (Provided by respondents Miss Zhang microblogging)
Langfang City, Hebei Province, nearly a thousand investors, finance companies suspected fraud, recently went to city hall to protest lax regulation, so that their life savings down the drain. Some investors said it had reported to the police, but no progress. (Huang Yuetao report)

To city hall to protest the nearly a thousand investors, namely Langfang City Investment Management Co. and Dennis Jitong Investment Co. customers. Their dissatisfaction with the company claiming lack of funds, but not paid interest to them and can not get back the principal, on Monday (22 May) to the Langfang municipal government outside the containment, to protest the government does not fight for their rights for them. There are unconfirmed sources, there are three female protesters were remanded to municipal police officers, beating induced coma.

Dennis investment company investing in a nearly 21 Miss Wan Dizhang to this station, said the company behind these investments, there is the boss "backing." She also said, Langfang municipal government was chaotic, so that investment company problems. She said, after a friend introduced to the company's investment, in June this year invested $ 100,000 in the company scheduled three months later to give her five percent interest, so she then "overweight" investment of more than twenty thousand, But later the company paid no interest to her.

Miss Zhang: I put 100 000 100 days, the company gave me the interest, so I put 110,000, and now not a penny.

Miss Chang also said that the company invest in front of her, she said, deposits 100 days that is five percent interest; and, there is twelve percent interest on deposits six months; deposits a year, there is one hundred Twenty-four-thirds interest. She said that since this year after September 28, she has not received interest, even if the principal can not even take.


china-investor-350.jpg
December 26, 2014, a large number of police officers guarded the door at City Hall. (Provided by respondents Miss Zhang microblogging) Miss Chang said, he has repeatedly asked to meet with the company owner, but the owner of the investment company never showed up. For lack of funds, the company said, Miss Zhang did not believe, and said the company just opened in May this year, the book refers to the company's three million, indicating that no funds may be insufficient.

Miss Zhang: We have to report to the Public Security Bureau, referring to the company did not pay, but the company has 30 million book, just opened more than four months, how could afford it?

Miss Zhang pointed out that the police can not help the rest of the investors, but is an investment company boss "talk a good talk," means that when the boss is not easy, requiring investors to compassionate them.

Another customer also is investing in to this station Dennis Tsang said he invested in the company of three hundred thousand, and now, also can not get back the principal. He also reported to the police, but police said Mr Tsang is a voluntary contract with the investment firm, it is also an event helpless. Mr Tsang said that when the contract expires, they simply did not get the principal, against being lured to sign another contract.

Mr. Tsang: Public Security Bureau said that you (investors) contract is signed voluntarily, no one forced you, but not your company have to sign.
Mr Tsang said the police investigation is now just a case, but the case did not progress until now. Mr Tsang refers now opened a lot of Langfang City Investment Company, we believe Langfang municipal government should supervise investment firms.

This station on the incident to call the Public Security Bureau in Langfang City of inquiry, the Public Security Bureau said that the case is being processed, the specific case is unclear. As for Monday has three female protesters were taken away by police, police said they do not know the situation, saying only that the case will have the latest information available to the public.
related articles

Report adultery was the daughter of the magistrate was dismissed
400 owners of two estates are subject to the same date the petition repression
Villagers protest against the seizure of steel mills passage was wounded (video)
"My dad is Li Gang" case four years ago, false cases involving protagonist Gang
The country's first announcement apology and compensation to the High Court convicted the defendant
Hebei scenic tourist landslip 3 dead 5 injured
Hundreds of owners of two estates to help the government by repression (video)
SMS (2015/7/14)
Developers acres of land suspected to be poisoned corn field
Harboring point fireworks explosion 15 dead 25 injured
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap