Home | News

Min villagers smashed police car to the police station to protest turned Chemical Projects
2014-12-30 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Fujian-Putian-Pollution620.jpg
Putian City, Fujian Province Xianyou hundreds of villagers on Monday (the 29th) again to overthrow the police, and smashed police station, trying to prevent a chemical projects continue to start. (Picture taken in March 28, 2014, the villagers)
East China Sea town of Putian City, Fujian Province of hundreds of villagers, police on Monday overthrown again and smashed police station, trying to prevent a chemical projects continue to start. Villagers means pollutants discharged into the sea, how a living in the future and questioned the factory dormitory was built outside the factory, the local people have to live and die with the chemical. (He Shan report)

East China Sea town of Xianyou villagers Tuesday night on this station that the people really dissatisfied, which leads to more police cars were overturned. Currently, sections of villagers clashed with police have not yet closed, traffic continued to clog, only motorcycles can pass.

East China Sea town one villager said: After already occurred over time, the police were torn down, a lot of Taiwan (car), it is unclear how the matter. Yes, many people are not satisfied, or why the police were torn down? Is the villagers do. Roads are blocked, we just passed by, see a lot of vehicles, cars are blocked, go all walk, and now only a motorcycle can go.

Live pictures can be seen, more than the words "special police" patrol was overthrown, which also has bus. Overturned the patrol car, the windshield was shattered and some in the back seat, the doors have been smashed at the scene. As shuttle Police believe 16 CMB and buses, at least three were down.

According to Internet users in the microblogging upload photos, to see men and women villagers, armed with sticks, some throwing stones on the road to prevent police reinforcements. The police did not heavy equipment, only helmets and shields. There are more than a dozen police officers in the police station the villagers pressed corner, use a shield array barrier stones. Outside the town government in the East China Sea, there are many villagers gathered Monday night, also saw a number of villagers beaten, go to the first aid station seek dressing. Baoliao person and refers to Maple Town Xianyou County Industrial District, Putian City, the illegal cover plants, the East China Sea town government arrested opponents, causing the current East China Sea town of outrage. The town government was besieged government buildings have been smashed into briquettes same.

A thwarted the villagers did not participate in this station that the villagers are dissatisfied with the construction of the chemical plant poisoned local water resources, pollution emissions Bay, fishing for a living and that villagers living in the future why?

Villagers said: the sea is certainly to seafood, to those who are ranked in the sea inside, what we want to eat off the road, but what we catch, the sea has been filled up, filling almost too?? , the United States and the East Bay that sea, the things lined inside, we mainly rely on this for a living, this is common sense.

Putian related to it, then paste the text there are Internet users, requiring CCTV, Phoenix TV, ample news coverage of their situation; however, posted the text is not deleted, it came to nothing. Local villagers also told reporters that fear will move the phone to say too much trouble, and questioned if the chemical harmless, why not build staff quarters in the factory, people go to work?

Affected villagers said Maple Town: 20 minutes to the chemical plant, they work here, below it ran. Why they are built into the dormitory inside the city, afraid to stay here? I tell you so much, I would not be caught, I mean, here I will catch me.

Statistics show that the construction of the Blue Ocean reclamation Fine Chemical Plant, with a total investment of 7 billion. Villagers protest the district a year ago, the government has not fully solicit the views of the villagers, it is forced to start, affecting over 30 million people. Plus Xianyou no matching sewage treatment capacity, 2,000 acres of heavily polluting plants, will inevitably result in the local ecological environment tremendous damage, and questioned the government and corporate collusion that the EIA report can muddle through.

March 2014 26-28 May, two towns Xianyou County in Putian City, thousands of villagers set fire to factories, laid siege to the police station, and special police, armed police clashed, both sides throwing masonry exchange, resulting in many injuries, more smashed police cars, a number of villagers were arrested.


related articles

Officials obscene Shots 10 months after the purge
"Tiger" spearhead long Su Shulin, Fujian Province sacked
Addicted to playing golf, vice governor was removed from office
Wages of workers are more than a hundred people were arrested Dulu 9
Kindergarten children trapped one hundred fire threat (video)
Tanneries grudges for years and the villagers were hundreds of people hit the road
Villagers protest construction dumpster resistance workers Zaobao Da
Straits adhere to reopen negotiations two sessions "1992 Consensus"
Free government land around the village were arrested
Relocatees sudden death of his son suspected unnatural deaths
Your comments (0) Leave a comment