Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Developers unfinished 300 shop owners rights were repression
2014-12-24 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download JS-House-LANDLORD620A.jpg
December 23, Wuxi City, Jiangsu protest in front of the owners of hundreds of police were expelled Complaints Bureau, the owners were injured during the jostling. (Owners photo)
Wuxi City, Jiangsu Province, three hundred shop owners protest against the developer failed to pay on time House on Tuesday (23 May) to the municipal government asked the Government to help recover. Hundreds of police violence cleared, more than a dozen people were injured. (Lin Jing reports)

Mr. Zhang protests have taken to this station, said Chong'an "Ginger commercial plaza," the prospective owners of more than three thousand, three years ago to buy the floor of the mall to spend, according to the contract provisions, developers "Feng Sheng Investment Co. The company "must, before the handover in June last year, but now the real estate has been shut down for over a year, handover date in sight.

From the end of last year, many prospective owners to protest outside the local municipal government, and demanded the government step in and assist the owners of rights. Government verbally agreed to resolve their demands, but no progress has been dragging. On Tuesday, in which three hundred prospective owners, and then to the municipal government petition outsider demonstrations, hundreds of police were expelled more than a dozen people were wounded during the jostling.

Zhang said: the police into the crowd started beating, the people down. Go out into the pediment, led police to see who, stuck in the neck to the ground by the merchant.

Another owner Mr Choi said that the vast majority of the domestic real estate developers, and are based on the form of sale of flats to raise funds, "Ginger commercial plaza" is the same. Since the fall in property prices over the past two years, construction costs have continued to rise, developers of funds unsustainable, capital chain was broken, and therefore the entire mall project failed to materialize, the developers also fled, leaving three thousand shop owners tears .

Mr. Cai believes Wuxi City of Industry, the land department, responsible for supervision of the project approval, the developer must be aware of the soundness of financial architecture in order to complete the construction of the mall. He criticized the Government for not doing oversight responsibility to protect the lives and property of citizens, developers' eyes open eyes closed "to allow developers to deceive the people's money.

Mr Choy said: governments and developers are a group, now with the nature of fraud is the same, now developers escaped without government help, developers also can not escape.

Purchase of the "Ginger commercial plaza" she had got a bunk refers to this station, because the mall is not completed, unable to carry out acceptance procedures, more vain on the investment business. If the government continues to excuses, refusing to assist to find another developer to undertake the project, she spent two hundred thousand yuan will certainly lose everything.

JS-House-LANDLORD620B.jpg
December 23, 2014, Wuxi City, Jiangsu Province, "Ginger commercial plaza" 300 owners to petition the city government outsiders to protest against the developer failed to pay on time floor, requires the Government to help recover. (Owners photo)
Zhou said: (developers) do not have money, they said in 2013 opened.
Reporters said: The Government has been how to say?
She said: that all small problems, anyway, so.
He told reporters: Business card yet, is it?
She said: three cards or something.

Wuxi Municipal Public Security Bureau Lake Branch of this station a police officer said that although the incident occurred in the area, but by the municipal government in charge of foreign response, the reporter call the municipal propaganda department Tel.
Constable said: You told us municipal propaganda department liaison.

But the phone has no answer.

According to Web statistics, Wuxi Sung Fung Shing Metro Investment Co., Ltd. registered in 2007, the registered capital of 60 million yuan, is a commercial real estate development-oriented diversified private enterprises, with two qualifications in real estate development. Sources, more than three thousand Ginger commercial plaza owner, developer has to pay more than 700 million fund, shopping malls planning construction area of ​​130,000 square meters.


related articles

Bin Shen love four complaints to the court were to be unreasonably withheld
Jiangsu and Guangdong factory closed down two workers pay talks was repression arrest (video)
Grill smoke nuisance hundred people surrounded by protest
2 3 penalty sentencing traffickers reprieve
Two factories were contaminated hundreds of residents protest crackdown
Hua Chunhui increasingly severe diabetic foot rot
Not many students suspected toxic school playground runway
Fitness club closed down hundreds of members, staff Dulu activist (video)
Sichuan, Hubei and two residential flats Owner rights by repression (video)
Hundreds of victims of investment to no avail and then collect signatures to protest protest
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap