Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Hong Kong is now wildcat protests for true universal suffrage
2014-12-16 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download 1216HK-Occupy620B.jpg
Although the end of the occupation, but the pedestrian flyover in Hong Kong multi-zone support the occupation was hung banners, picture shows a flyover near Wan Chai, banners write "umbrella ghost, has been supporting." (Photo from Scholarism FACEBOOK, 2014 年 12 16 May)
Which lasted 79 days, although the end of the occupation of Hong Kong, however, the printing still occurs wildcat protests, showing determination to fight real universal suffrage. In the Peak District, on Tuesday (16) morning, it was a painting hung there straight umbrella yellow streamers; In addition, dozens of occupiers, the current US road is still outside the Legislative Council, Tim continued to camp to stay . (Victoria Ling report)

Peak cliff hanging on a straight pennant, an area of ​​about one meter by 6 meter yellow black, write "not to forget the original intention" before. Police received a report at 7 pm, because of the location belongs to Pok Fu Lam Country Park range, notify the AFCD and the Fire Services Department. FSD subsequently sent to assist in the removal of straight pennant Victoria Peak.

Meanwhile, police also received a report that, Fei Ngo Shan, Kowloon mountainside, there are giant posters, did not show after the search.

Demonstration area outside the Legislative Council Building, complete clearance after Monday, 30 people moved to the outside of the Legislative Council continue to stay Tim Mei Avenue. They are placed on both sides of the pavement about 50 tents, again drinks and dry food storage. Demonstrators said that although the three occupied area has been cleared, but that the movement has not ended, it will continue to fight for universal suffrage through other ways. They mean, if the police cleared again, it will study whether to continue the struggle to move nearby. At this stage, only sent police officers patrolling in the vicinity blue hat, who left behind not intervene.

1216HK-Occupy620A.jpg
Hong Kong Island was also another flyover banners hung in the same sentence. (Photo from Scholarism FACEBOOK, 2014 年 12 16 May)
LSD Legislative Council Leung Kwok-hung, the morning radio program, review the whole occupation of action. He argued that no one is responsible for management, difficult to play a role, it seems to be an error. He also believes that the existing primary assist the movement of persons arrested in this time, to provide legal support for them. For many people in Mong Kok recently with shopping in the name of the street for true universal suffrage. Leung Kwok-hung said the police need to consider actions that consume or consume their own strength. If this trend continues, fewer and fewer people involved will strive goals, will increasingly blur.

Macau is accessed Justice Yuen Kwok-keung said the temporary yet to decide whether to charge more than 50 persons were arrested for contempt of court, because they have to wait for information and evidence related to the investigation. Yuen Kwok-keung explanation, the court issued an injunction on the occupation, and the general injunction different, attached bailiff may request police assistance clause, is a special case, the Attorney General will have a meeting with the police and therefore the plaintiff, in order to effectively to the police provide legal advice.

Yuen Kwok-keung refers to the occupation of Hong Kong's rule of law constitute a big impact, not breaking the law after the surrender, it represents no effect on the rule of law. Yuen Kwok-keung means that our society is very free, there is no problem demands, but needs to be a legitimate way to express, should not prevent the social order.

In addition, the "People's Daily" overseas edition published a signed commentary, referring to the streets of Hong Kong accounted disappear, does not mean that political reform will follow dissipate controversy, Hong Kong must think about how to go along the way of political reform and development. The article says that the 79 days accounted for if the lessons had been the heart of our society to wipe out demons, is probably too optimistic. The author believes that accounting disappeared, the opposition will continue to do everything possible to play new tricks. Faced with future protests, police clear the scene, I am afraid only just palliative. Hong Kong to the smooth implementation of political reforms, to make social harmony back to the road of development, must solve the problem from the source, the source in the people.

The article also said that part of the Hong Kong people for biased perception of political reform, comes from one country, the Basic Law do not know, but also from prejudice against the mainland, the central and the Communist Party.

Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying morning before attending the Executive Council said that the SAR government in the past has not been sparing no effort to promote the Basic Law in Hong Kong, hope the public fully understand the contents of the Basic Law, together with the implementation of the One Country Two Systems in accordance with law, Hong Kong people ruling Hong Kong, a high degree of autonomy.

And is visiting China Academy of Social Sciences, said Mo Jihong, deputy director of Law, Hong Kong should not just say "Basic Law," the Constitution does not say. Mo Jihong said Tuesday while attending an event Newspaper Society, increasingly felt in Hong Kong just say "Basic Law," the Constitution does not say that it should not. However, he added, without changing the legal system of Hong Kong's future to keep up with the mainland, because Hong Kong has a unique "Basic Law", will be granted within one country two systems, "the Basic Law" provisions of the Constitution can not be emphasized instead of "the Basic Law." Mo Jihong also considers that Hong Kong should vigorously promote the constitution.

According to the latest survey of the University of Hong Kong Public Opinion Programme shows that the Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying support rating fell by 5 points to 39.7 points; Chief Secretary Carrie Lam score fell to 54.8 points, the lowest score for the presidency. The investigation is in the 8th to the 11th of this month, namely the occurrence of the occupation more than two months later, through a real interviewer at random, 1,005 telephone interviews were successful to the people of Hong Kong.


related articles

Survey means more high school students to support the occupation movement
HA activist government doctors successfully fill a raise of 3%
Mainland tourists to Hong Kong were killed incident was questioned blunders
Leung Chun-ying again challenged the alleged breach of receivables Members
Sha Tin kindergarten excessive amount of drinking water lead
Hong Kong, mainland tourists Again unscrupulous force expensive shopping
Qiansan Doctor meditating promote press mechanism raises (video)
Mainland tourists battered police restructuring death case
Jiuding Chaju: Hong Kong after accounting for the change in the situation in the offing
The Hong Kong Government fully supports the medical profession doctors meditation
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap