Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

New Year's Eve day occupation of high-risk operations embattled police
2014-12-30 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download
It has attracted attention of the international community in Hong Kong Although the Occupy movement died down, but sporadic protests continued. The police on the eve of New Year holidays, urged the public not to engage in illegal gatherings flow occupation style. Police said the past few days arrested 49 people suspected of illegal in Mong Kok. (Davidson reports)

Following Yau Tong and Wong Tai Sin Devil Mountain Lion, appeared for two consecutive days, "I want to really universal suffrage," a giant banner straight after, late Monday night, in the district of the Legislative Council Road, was also found in the paint to write "Chater study rooms "and painted on umbrellas pattern, police handling classified as criminal damage.

Police said that during the Christmas holidays and weekends, there are protesters gathered in Mong Kok, blocking roads and create chaos, police strongly condemned such acts of malicious harassment, and stressed that anyone who refuses to listen to police advice and warnings, deliberate destruction of public order and the safety of others make reckless behavior, the police will be decisive law enforcement to stop the violations.

Arrested in Mong Kok past few days 49 people, aged between 13-76 years old, arrested for "assaulting a police officer," "obstruct police officers performing their duties," "disorderly conduct in a public place and criminal damage."

Appeal on Wednesday, New Year's Eve, in crowded areas, to stop the flow of meetings and processions occupied manner, so that the public in the New Year's Eve and New Year can safely enjoy the festive season. The spokesman said police in the New Year's Eve and New Year period, deployed in the districts to strengthen, maintain public order, to protect public safety.

The "People's Daily" Overseas Edition also published a signed article, refers to the radical forces in Hong Kong wanted to continue the occupation of dream. The article refers to the Legislative Council building on both sides of the footpath Tim Mei Avenue, where a number of tents still, few militants entrenched not ready early next year after the Government to start the second round of consultation on political reform, at any time, and besieged government headquarters Legislative Council Building, and the impact of the use of violence as police defense training "classroom." Article refers to artists who call themselves entrenched part to engage in the arts in the name, is actually anti-government tendencies, some people without a proper job, living by the CSSA, thus becoming the opposition to draw objects, persuade them to Tim Mei Avenue, long-term stay.

The article quotes refers to the legal profession, has been suspected of committing these occupiers occupy public places, obstruction, unlawful assembly and other offenses, police appealed decisive law enforcement, maintain the government headquarters and Legislative Council building surrounding normal order.

Additionally, people previously arrested during the occupation movement, individual batches days brought to court.

One 38-year-old unemployed man Wuding Bang, was charged on the 1st of this month in the vicinity of the outlet center near Admiralty MTR, and other occupiers attacked two police officers, charged with a crime of assaulting a police officer. Earlier quasi court bail, but not allowed to enter the Admiralty during the specified range. But his appointment Monday to the Legislative Council Legislative Council Leung Kwok-hung, breach of the condition on Tuesday was brought to Eastern Magistracy. Court his earlier 1000 yuan bail forfeiture, and then allow him to 1000 yuan bail shall not re-enter the Admiralty during the specified range.

Another 53-year-old cleaner Wu Guoliang, on October 5, Yee Wo Street, Causeway Bay occupied solidarity when students were passers condemn, he allegedly pulled out a knife to threaten each other, on Tuesday accused one in Eastern Magistracy items in a public place for possession of offensive weapons crime. He pleaded not guilty, the case will be held next year on February 12 trial, the defendant on bail awaiting trial prospective.

20-year-old student Tang Weiliang, allegedly issued a document on the Internet, have threatened human underworld money "to buy from," has been involved in an arrest operation in Mong Kok police occupied the daughter of "single-handedly." He denied in Eastern Magistracy an access to computer with criminal intent crime. Adjourned the case until February 10 preliminary hearing, the defendant released on bail.

Vehicle maintenance staff of more than 39 years of holy suspected hackers call echoes in October this year, launched the illegal attack to the Police and other government websites, Tuesday dishonest in Kwun Tong court denied access to computer crime. The prosecution alleged, the case is complex, application adjourned the case until February 24, waiting for legal advice.

The Pan Man Camp 23 Legislative Council members report writing folk sentiments, mainly lists the NPC 8.31 after the decision to carry out and analyze the occupation movement, and asked the central response to the Hong Kong people's aspirations for true universal suffrage, decided to withdraw 8.31 and restart political reform. Pan Min and reiterated in the report, if the Government framework proposed by the NPC political reform bill, pan people all to be rejected. The report will be sent to the Chief Executive's Office and the trio of political reform, Chinese President Xi Jinping, the NPC chairman Zhang Dejiang and other central government officials.


related articles

Survey means more high school students to support the occupation movement
HA activist government doctors successfully fill a raise of 3%
Mainland tourists to Hong Kong were killed incident was questioned blunders
Leung Chun-ying again challenged the alleged breach of receivables Members
Sha Tin kindergarten excessive amount of drinking water lead
Hong Kong, mainland tourists Again unscrupulous force expensive shopping
Qiansan Doctor meditating promote press mechanism raises (video)
Mainland tourists battered police restructuring death case
Jiuding Chaju: Hong Kong after accounting for the change in the situation in the offing
The Hong Kong Government fully supports the medical profession doctors meditation
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap