Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

After the riots in the East China Sea town of Putian City, a large number of police officers are still on alert
2014-12-31 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download Villagers-Bloody-Face-Riot620W.jpg
December 30, 2014, the East China Sea town of Putian City, Fujian Province Xianyou thousands of people dissatisfied with strong build chemical plants, large-scale conflict with the government, more than the population caused by being hit badly beaten. (Local people provided)
Due to strong opposition to the construction of thousands of chemical plants and the outbreak of civil unrest in the East China Sea town of Putian City, Fujian Province, on Wednesday there is still a large number of armed police guard, a number of shops can not open for business. Monday and Tuesday of large-scale conflict, the local rumor killed three people, including a police officer. But some villagers refers to the number of deaths may be more, but not officially confirmed. (Lin Jing reports)

Xianyou County, East China Sea town residents, the town government after Monday thwarted stimulate riots, police officers and town residents, on Tuesday and then at high speed Xianyou shenhai segment, the outbreak of large-scale conflict. Mr. East China Sea town of Mo residents of this station on Wednesday said that for the online rumors that, days of the conflict least two people and caused the death of a police officer, Mr Mok said had heard about the statement, but also refers to the latest information, the death toll rising.

And on Wednesday, the East China Sea town of the market has been under control, there are no scenes of conflict, but the town's streets and highways, many police officers stationed on alert.

Mr Mok said: Now that the traffic police, special police, in town, at least a thousand.
Told reporters: Attendance hit badly yesterday, attendance has been dead three people, is not it?
He said: is playing badly, anyway, is a lot of people to the hospital bandaged. I hear people say, I do not really set false, in short, the death of five or six people.

In addition to Mr. Mok, this station had telephoned a number of businesses in town, but no one answered the phone. This station has also contacted the Internet insiders, and even re-contacted Tuesday interview local people, but they are tight-lipped.

East China Sea town of a school staff member visit imply acceptance of this station, after the conflict, the town paranoia, not many shops open, no one dared to openly discuss events. For people to death in the conflict, the staff also heard expressed, but I do not know whether it is true.

Staff say: this thing can not say now, we do not dare say the the.
Correspondents say: have heard of dead thing?
He said: Then have heard of it.
Correspondents say: in the end is how it all about?
He said: You yourself, things yesterday, microblogging have had to look up.

On casualties, this station to Xianyou County People's Hospital, Putian City, a hospital to understand, but the attendant said, do not provide out patient information.

Then call our station was thwarted by the East China Sea town government office, the telephone went unanswered. And Xianyou county government, switchboard with this station contacted the Information Office.

He told reporters: Xianyou county government is it?
Staff said: right.
Correspondents say: a reporter, ask about the last thing the East China Sea town of conflict.
He said: You find us News do it.

Reporters call the County Information Office in accordance with the staff of the phone, but the phone has no answer.

Villagers-Riot-Police-Cars620.jpg
December 29, 2014, the conflict, in addition to smashing people, but also dozens of police cars overturned. (Local people provided)
 

Check out our station Putian, Xianyou County, East China Sea town of three government website did not mention the issue of the conflict. And on the Internet, in addition to the foreign media, microblogging and forums mentioned incident, the mainland is no conflict in the East China Sea town news media days occurred.

The incident on Monday, the East China Sea town of Putian City, Fujian Province Blue Ocean thousands of people to protest the construction of chemical plants, looking for relevant departments to protest. On that day, the police arrested a leading protesting villagers. Police put the demands of the masses of people, process friction. That night, thousands of people thwarted by the town government, dozens of police vehicles were overturned. On Tuesday, the people and block highways, electric batons and tear gas were large numbers of police to clear the scene, the two sides outbreak of violent conflict. Sources said that two people were killed and many more seriously injured, while a police officer died.

According to online data refers to the East China Sea town of Xianyou County Chemical Project, founded by Shandong Province and Fujian Linefan Group Kaibang Nylon Technology Co., Ltd. invested, the project covers an area of ​​2,000 acres, with a total investment of 7 billion yuan.

Putian city government accused without proof and solicit the views of the town residents, forced to start on the affected population of more than thirty million people. Last year, town residents have initiated many times defenders.


related articles

Shandong chemical plant explosion 9 dead 2 injured
Officials obscene Shots 10 months after the purge
Yangchun City Anti incinerators hundred days of riots injured (video)
"Tiger" spearhead long Su Shulin, Fujian Province sacked
Further chemical plant explosion injured seven workers dying
Addicted to playing golf, vice governor was removed from office
Further Shandong chemical plant explosion
Wages of workers are more than a hundred people were arrested Dulu 9
After the chemical plant suspected gas explosion vent discomfort than 200 people
Kindergarten children trapped one hundred fire threat (video)
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap