Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Auto Parts City, the country's first 700 businesses go eviction
2014-12-16 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download
Haidian District, a store which sells auto parts, the government plans to forcibly shut down development in the next year, so that in operation for two decades of small businesses, a lifetime of hard work destroyed. Most businesses take with their families and staff, a total of about 2,000 people Monday (the 15th) strike, and to the district government protest. (Huang Yuetao report)

Haidian District, western suburbs of Auto Parts City 700 businesses, recently notified the mall will be closed in the next year, but the Government has failed to explain the reason for closing the mall and the placement, businesses and staff in conjunction with the families of the 2,000 people on Monday collective strike and protest march to city hall. According to mainland media quoted the district government officials said, the western suburbs of Auto Parts City next year will be the restructuring and development of information industry, and the current staff arrangements Auto Parts City, are still discussing them.

According to Mr. Su's friend merchant, he said he was informed that the government forcibly closed unreasonable Auto Parts City, it made a special trip to come to assist Mr. Su and other merchants. He said the government doing a great impact on 700 small businesses, they live with their families also in this area for many years, was forced to move, can not continue to do business, I do not know what the future plans.

Mr. Su's friend: many businesses are affected very large, a young and old, to go to school to study here is the money. To move where you want to move? So many family can move it?

He also said that the Government is now even no compensation and relocation arrangements, the Government does not have official contact with the merchant, even the government does not know what to do next.

Su friend: No, no, nothing. At present, the government does not know what to do. I learned something, you came here to help a friend.

In addition, businesses Mr. Wang also seem overwhelmed. He said the government will know the next year to close the area, but the government has not talked to the next move with the merchant, but did not mention the issue of compensation to the merchant. Mr. Wang did not participate in strike action, he said, now only waited in vain, do not know how to do.

Wang: I have not yet processed, we are still waiting to be processed, do not know how.

Auto Parts City in the western suburbs of doing business for twenty years Miss Sun said there were part of the business earlier this month to pay rent, but only half of the contracts they sign. There Auto City office staff to the businesses that the Auto Parts City to close and transformation, and will not be rent, and all businesses should be removed before June next year.

Residents living in the vicinity of the district government, said some 2,000 businesses Monday braved the cold weather to the district government protests, the atmosphere generally calm, but the government is still shut the door, merchants get no response from the authorities, police cars and More than armed guard at the scene.

Auto Parts City businesses have said that the government only two months ago had a meeting, orally proposed to relocate the business, but no formal notice and explanation.

Haidian District, Beijing Auto Parts City, located in the western suburbs of the West Fourth Ring holly Qiaodongbeijiao, covering 100,000 square meters, where a collection of auto parts, vehicle maintenance and a series of car service, established in 1994, about 700 Dealers, Auto Parts City is the first, described as the founder of Auto Parts City. Other parts of the Auto Parts City, has repeatedly come to the learning experience the area.

related articles

Zhao Changqing means more than two and half years in prison suffering career
Hong Kong Chinese smuggling cocaine Beijing sentenced to death
Zhao Changqing was released from prison to prison two and a half Friday
Overseas Democrats jointly recommend Gao Yu compete Human Rights Award
Habitat father Liu Yongping believers being monitored can not see danger
Beijing first eight months to dispose of nearly a thousand officers
Xia Lin in custody CDC said it was so far no news of political persecution
National Day Beijing between full coverage video surveillance
Pastor arrested during the row was battering
National Day is still a large number of petitioners gather Beijing continued appeal
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap