Traditional

Search
 Submit
Home News Knowledge comment sixty-four Memorial wall featurette hot petitioners Record audience interactive world of Chinese Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan audience focus Hotline - Jiuding Chaju stroll multimedia video Shulin
Home | News

Investment company of failing victims protest days
2014-12-17 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download
Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, a number of investment companies after another closed down, hundreds of investors in recent days blocking roads to protest or petition the provincial government to require government intervention, investigation, the return of people hard-earned money. (Panga clear report)

Zhengzhou City, hundreds of investors Schwab Investment Guarantee Co., Wednesday (the 17th) to the provincial gate to protest collusion fraud. Photo from the Internet can see, demonstrators armed with multiple mega-banners, requiring investment company Charles Schwab returned to the people hard-earned money.

This station had telephoned the Zhengzhou city government inquiry, the duty officer confirmed that the city has a number of investment companies collapse of the government is being processed.

Microblogging news that Charles Schwab Investment Guarantee Co., Ltd., Henan, with a high interest return of illegal fund-raising 8 million, involving more than 5,000 families across the province. Recently, the company suddenly stopped all business, not the return of principal customers, said the provincial government was also threatened, deputy director of public security and other support.

In addition, 200 Fortis Asset Management Ltd. Henan investors, to no avail due to debt collection on Monday (the 15th) in Zhengzhou, blocking roads in protest, police were dispersed, many people were arrested. It is reported that Henan Fortis Asset Management Co. bankruptcy, millions of principal can not be honored.

Recently, Henan Province, the collapse of a number of investment companies, tens of thousands of investors to lose everything, causing a large number of demonstrators blocking traffic victims every day, around the government.

Netizen "I anyway sex with" the posting said Tencent microblogging: high interest temptation, know the fate of it, this is just the tip of the iceberg in Zhengzhou, there are a lot of retired people's wages, tear this scene, jumping people have bereaved! .

Netizen "1730493410" said: no right to speak in the community, the hard-earned money handed the hands of others, and so was the shank to others, and finally knelt holding their own.


related articles

Henan Property Owners schedule thousand police beatings protest (video)
Old apartment fire caused 39 dead 58 people were treated survey released
The Government also refused to discuss the concession farmers more violent repression (video)
Henan glass plank that is broken open and a half months
Sightseeing airplane flight crashed three deaths
Sudden death of young children forced to hold health care corpse on public display
Wages nearly half the coal miners were blocking roads to protest repression (video)
Continental and exposing the vaccine Henan nearly 400 children in the move
After the chemical plant suspected gas explosion vent discomfort than 200 people
Truck collided with two buses 12 dead 19 injured
Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap