Home | News

Dove impact Mong Kok Ming group then arrested 37 people
2014-12-26 Email Print Comments Share
Comment Email Print Share
Listen or download audio files to listen to the program sound download
Shopping by name, nightly protest march in Hong Kong's Mongkok district, "Dove woo group", to the streets of Mong Kok Christmas evening gathering, eventually lead to clashes with police, police arrested 37 people, and condemned the protesters disrupt public order and public safety . (Panga clear report)

"Prison culture of violence" convener, Associate Professor of Social Work Department of Hong Kong-style condensate He believes that a temporary stay is lawful and open yellow umbrella in the street, public dissatisfaction with the police to disperse, has written to the Commissioner of Police, Mr Tsang asked for an explanation.

However, retired superintendent 刘达强 criticized Dove woo group of nearby shops and social nuisance that those actions claiming caroling and shopping, is obviously against the central Government and political stance.

刘达强 also said that the police action during the occupation, to "bite the bullet" in exchange for a win-win, all of the police to use force to prevent violence.

The police Thursday night to Friday morning, some demonstrators who create chaos in Mong Kok, some people refused to heed police advice to leave, so take action and arrest the person driving.

Arrested included 26 men and 11 women, aged between 13-76 years old, were arrested in a "public place disorderly conduct" and "criminal damage" and arrested.

Also on Wednesday, Christmas Eve clash with police in Mong Kok, "student front" members of Cheng Kam Man arrested on Friday was brought in Tuen Mun Magistracy, the office charged with one difference sin barrier.

He earlier due to obstruction clearance during Mongkok bailiff work was indicted, are not allowed to Mong Kok on bail during the specified range, this time the prosecution refers to the violation of the off-limits order.

In breach of the condition magistrate refused bail, remanded to mention next year on January 14 hearing.


Your comments (0) Leave a comment
Email Print Share

Instant Listen
Archives
[No comment] Xi Pu burning bridges, Zeng Qinghong slash?
Wall Q: Continental blockade which software upgrade over the wall better?
British 41-gun salute welcome habit not total more than one organization called on the Human Rights-for-trade
Xi Jinping's upcoming visit to Britain a plurality of Tibetan human rights organizations protest
CDC son claimed the couple appeared CCTV
Editor's Choice
Cooking oil - Food Security Thematic shocking insider (b)
"Do not eat Chinese food street"

Topic: lag the United States mainland petitioners to injustice "toward" Xi Jinping team (video)
Harbin government persecuted by Liu Jingde on September 2, 2015 at the White House from the outside, waiting for the upcoming visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping, to the time to him redress. (Cantonese Ministry of He Shan Chang)
Exclusive: 70-year-old man waiting Xi Jinping redress before the White House (VIDEO)
Theme
News
Knowledge wall
Review
Sixty-four commemorate special edition
Hot spot
Audience interaction
Petitioners Record
Chinese world
Focus Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan
Listener hotline - Jiuding Chaju
Video
Shulin stroll
Multimedia
Other Languages









Listen
Sound information
Frequency table
podcast
Video
YouTube
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Syndication
Subscribe to Email Updates
We are here
Mobile and tablet
Wall Service
contact us
E-mail
Free hotline
Phone hotline
Listeners rebellion
about Us
Code
job opportunity
Privacy Policy
terms of use
US International Broadcasting
VOA Cantonese unit
Help
Sitemap